Document searching for a case by ID in the Operations Dashboard (#112)
silverpond/highlighter-docs: content/docs/user-manual/operations-dashboard/exploring-data.md

match an attribute condition. Typing in the search bar also filters the entity
**Hierarchy** panel.

### Jump to a case

Paste a **case ID** (such as `cse_…`) into the search bar to go straight to that
case. Highlighter looks it up and shows the matching case with two actions:

- **Open in Assessment Editor** — open the case for assessing or labelling.
- **Show related records and entities** — filter the dashboard to that case,

>   recentre the map on the case's subject entity, and open that entity's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  re-centre the map on the case's subject entity, and open that entity's
```
